Add REP process definition and template (#1)
Azure/bicep-reps: 0000-rep-template.md

---

> REP Number: <Fill me in with a four-digit unique incrementing number, matching the pull request number; update AFTER REP acceptance.>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REP Number: 0000 <Replace me in with the pull request number update AFTER REP acceptance.>
```

> REP Number: <Fill me in with a four-digit unique incrementing number, matching the pull request number; update AFTER REP acceptance.>

Reviewer: This is confusing.  This should be the pull request number?  If so, "unique incrementing number" doesn't make sense.  So this should be left blank until it's accepted?  Can a REP move from draft immediately to inactive?

Author: PR numbers are unique incrementing numbers, but I guess it is a bit confusing to explicitly mention it here. The idea is to left it blank until it's accepted and before merged. Will update this to reflect that.

Author: > Can a REP move from draft immediately to inactive?

No, only a PR that tries to add a REP file to the `/active` folder is considered a draft.

> Author: <Author's First Name and Last Name.>

Reviewer: not github username?

Author: Using both makes sense.

Start Date: <Today's Date, YYYY-MM-DD>

> Bicep Issue Number: <Fill if the REP originates from a Bicep issue; otherwise, delete.>

Reviewer 2: Could be multiple issues in some cases. Maybe we just need to add " (s)" to the title?

Author: Fixed.

Enhances: <Fill an existing final REP number if this REP enhances it; otherwise, delete.>
Deprecates: <Fill an existing final REP number if this REP deprecates it; otherwise, delete.>
Enhanced By: <Applicable to existing final REPs only. Fill a final REP number if that REP enhances this one. Delete for new REPs.>
Deprecated By: <Applicable to existing final REPs only. Fill a final REP number if that REP deprecates this one. Delete for new REPs.>
---

# Title - replace me with feature name

## Summary

Provide a brief paragraph explaining the feature.

## Motivation

> Outline the reasons behind implementing this feature, the use cases it supports, and the expected outcomes.

Author: Add [Terms and definitions](https://github.com/radius-project/design-notes/blob/main/template/YYYY-MM-design-template.md#terms-and-definitions).

## Detailed design

The core of the REP. Elaborate on the design and implementation with sufficient detail for someone familiar with Bicep to grasp. Provide detailed examples to illustrate how the feature is used and its implications on user experience.

### Examples

- Example 1
```bicep
```
- Example 2
```bicep
```

## Drawbacks

> Discuss any potential drawbacks associated with this approach. Why might this *not* be a suitable choice? Consider implementation costs, integration with existing and planned features, and the migration cost for Bicep users. Clearly identify if it constitutes a breaking change.

Reviewer 2: Should we have some sort of title modifier or text or tag somewhere that makes it more obvious that we're dealing with a breaking changes REP?

Author: Update the REP template title to handle this.

> 

Reviewer 3: Should we add an Out of Scope:
> [Out of scope](https://gist.github.com/rynowak/5a39b92997546216f957f0aa2dc4b32b#out-of-scope)
Describe the important issues or concerns NOT addressed by this proposal. 1 paragraph each (can be short)

Often the "out of scope" items are refer to the current state. We might already have planned work to address the "out of scope" items, mention it if that's the case".

Author: Added an Out of scope section.

### Client side changes

### Server side changes (if applicable)

### Microsoft.Resources/deployments API changes (if applicable)

### Examples

- Example 1
```bicep
```
- Example 2
```bicep
```

## Drawbacks

> Discuss any potential drawbacks associated with this approach. Why might this *not* be a suitable choice? Consider implementation costs, integration with existing and planned features, and the migration cost for Bicep users. Clearly identify if it constitutes a breaking change.

## Alternatives

> Explore alternative designs that were considered and clarify why the chosen design stands out among possible options. Provide rationale and discuss the impact of not selecting other designs.

## Rollout plan

> Describe how you will deliver your feature. Does it need to be an experimental feature? If the feature involves backend changes, dose it need to be guarded by an ARM feature flag?

## Unresolved questions

> - What aspects of the design do you expect to resolve through the REP process before merging?
> - What parts of the design do you anticipate resolving through feature implementation before stabilization?

## Out of scope

> > - What related issues are considered out of scope for this REP but could be addressed independently in the future?

Author: Good suggestion!
